Media-Based-Searching-And-Querying
==================================

Project in Multimedia Systems Design (CSCI576) at USC under Prof.Parag Havaldar

With the advances in inexpensive digital camera, video and sound recording instruments, video /audio data is getting to be common place everywhere now – to be included with news information, for entertainment, for personal archives etc. 
There is now a lot of digital video information everywhere from different information websites, your own personal hard disks, video hosting services, social networking websites etc. 
Naturally then searching, indexing and organizing media elements becomes an important requirement that challenges all media based technologies today. 
Most of these searches today that address media elements are still limited to using text, whether text is directly associated with that media element by annotations in the context of a webpage, or indirectly using metadata that is stored within the media element. 
In almost all cases these annotations and metadata are generated by a human. 
A more practical and natural way to handle such queries is by directly querying the media elements without any text using low level properties and statistics as well as high level semantics that can be computationally extracted from the media.
Now this is a seemingly easy problem for humans, but still a computationally hard problem to solve for a variety of reasons. 

To simplify and formalize the problem domain for the class project, we will impose restrictions that will enable you to get better results. 
For the class project you will perform a “query by example” on visual media data such as images and video to search for specific patterns. 
The input to your program will be
* Parameter 1 - An image (let’s call this the query image) whose content will be famous logo at a fairly high resolution.
* Parameter 2 - An image or video (let’s call this the search image/video) in which you need to search spatially and temporarily to see whether an instance to the query image exists in the image or frame(s) of the image.
The output of your program will be a yes/no answer whether the query image has been found and frame numbers where it exists. 
Additionally, you may also want to show the detected position. 
All images/video inputs will be of the same dimensions in width and height.